[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause] [
Music] [Applause
]
[Applause]
[Music] [
Applause] [
Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause] [
Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause] [
Music] [
Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause] [
Music]
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [
[Applause] [
Music] [Applause] [Music
]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause] [
Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Hello
good grandpa how are you
[Music] [
Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
a scared grandpa I think I
forgot to connect the microphone Let me
see, give me a String
[Music]
Yes, now yes
[Applause]
Oh no
incredible Yes obviously as it could not
be
no
[Music]
The photo of Garfield has been cropped it is
still being processed
unfortunate unfortunate people
were not listening to me man But well at least
people were not listening to us Well
good night family today I am here with with
these two with these with these two Let's
see I have no other choice Acne is not going to come
too now on the call today
we are going to do gossip a little differently
due to the circumstances What is the
circumstance the circumstance is that
tomorrow is the tournament and we have to
train I have to train Okay
so today we are going to be playing
while we are giving gossip we
are going to be talking about all the
gossip but at the same time playing enough here
with me Paule Hayden and van and Acne
helping me comment on the topics while we
are playing for
tomorrow's tournament okay
the chat I tell you that I am going to leave it
open there okay but I can't see it
because my vision is not
100% yet to see those little letters but well I
am answering you Likewise to what
you are going to say I think  that
acne is going to come first, let's make some
gossip to record extracts for the
lordship
and then I'll stay with you and we'll talk
about Vodafone, the truth is, the
first ones are supposed to come to
acne, supposedly Yes, yes, I think that's
enough, well, nothing, you're going to play in the
meantime Just to play You know what you
do, but listen to me
[Music] Let's
see, I would take today and change
something here, right, I mean, how do we put it, the
screen
with the camera,
yes, no, like yes No, man, with a camera, don't
do it on camera, we're going to change this.
Of course, of course, tomorrow let me make a
frame, you know, a handsome
Chapulín. Of course, of course,
tomorrow let me make a frame, you know, a handsome Chapulín. But let it be inspired
by Chapulín, not the one from Falgáis, but one that is
inspired by the real Chapulín, of
course, they are the handsome ones. Let's go to something
from the typical series. Okay, well, nothing.
We'll start playing there whenever you
want. Tracker comes in and we'll comment
[Laughter]
on what happened this morning, the truth is that I'm looking forward to it,
but
the truth is that yes, I don't know if it was to see,
for all the time,
I don't know if it was worse.  when the
Yellow humor or what guy Yes really in
short brutal eh lamentable lamentable but
lamentable really lamentable I'm going to
lower the lights the truth Well no I can't
lower it anymore there it goes come on
family today it's going to be the gossip like this okay
we're going to cover all the topics but I
have to keep training
you sent me
the invitation
[Music]
I'm getting into
the game there is no Chapulín who is
Chapulín
here in Spain he was the Chapulín Colorado
of his whole life on Canal Sur Gregorio
also
on YouTube of course and we stay here on
YouTube Today we are training and also We're
going to do all the gossip for now
Those are the topics well the ones of your lordship
now Alanes is going to bring them out while
we comment on it he's going to give me a
hand
to have the extract for the ladies by
tomorrow morning it went up okay so as not to
leave them aside and
then we stay here
commenting a little on the gossip well these
people are going to read my tweets and they're going to
tell me more or less what  it happened and I
give a little comment we discuss it
Okay nothing happens
and I don't know if there's anything else I mean from
kids it can't be heard it can't be heard
it's that he asked That if it can be heard
but I can't hear it I mean I don't know if you
hear it
no I can't be heard clearly now
how do you hear it people you can hear it
perfectly and they say in the chavo well Okay
then it's done Oh I hear it well Now
okay Thank you Laura thank you
Well nothing there it goes he's not going to put it all in you
Okay let's play Yes yes yes I'm here yes
I'm waiting for him to invite me to
give us
now
okay perfect already
my goodness I mean are you
all ready to see them make fools of themselves for a
while right look look
here like he put it on
[Applause]
Suite
but I don't really like it I'll change it eh I
love it I love it this great eh
actor yesterday they were 30 bucks on that
come back come back to the lobby Oh come on ready
put an outfit on your head and one on your
feet
but the glasses are part of I mean you
can have the Chapulín skin and some
glasses
no no no no  I would have
liked to wear something that sets me
apart man tomorrow but of course it's that they are
all let's go There all the same
Tomorrow I can put bracelets on you yes
bracelet yes bracelet
yesterday I put on a bracelet I haven't seen it
but they won't let it Yes about the bracelet
but they won't let it They're going to want it to be
the skin all with the corner yes
but you're going to get into trouble I'm going to get into trouble if there's
a lot just like you're going to get into some trouble
man if you're all the same like that watch out it
starts strong eh watch out you're
starting young
Now when we arrive everything look the pink
is your color Ivan the first Pink there on
that little ladder of the first red Okay
the second the second Pink the second
Pink the second Pink yes Now when we
arrive all the finish line Well suddenly they
focus on Ivan and you're with with his
half skin half glasses half I've already
fallen I get confused I don't know
what's happening the same man but I get confused
here between that I can't see my doll
come on Yeah yes when they all get together it's
impossible
Well look you put it on so it can be
seen well  [ __ ]
no idiot
eye
again again
Yeah man but let's be an idiot
pathetic why am I
going to spend it Eh
surprising myself but what are you
before me yes yes I ca
n't believe it I can't
believe it
incredible
lamentable
interesting spectacle incredible he
kicked me out because of that
Third World problems okay well go ahead what do we
have for lady do you have
the material prepared there or what do I have
you are the one in charge eh You are the one who is
finished I will bring out the topics and
you tell us while you are
falling and you are doing those things I you
bring up the topic and I and I give you
that top 90 is not going to be won alone uw and the
question is is it going to be a game in squadrons or
solo because if not I
think the training is being done
wrong but still Don't worry not one or
company have passed until now without
winning anything XD that may be true
What thing What thing that it is in a squadron
no that is not like that they are
games I don't know if I can give you
many details but they have already said that they
are the games okay per year but you
you have to when you enter a
healthy topic to the lordship now come on come on
a greeting you no no no I
mean I have to act as if it were an
extract entry Clear clear let's
see if I'm going to throw you free
the girl
about this is gay
which one with which one are we going to start the
Nené first
with Rocío Flores Rocío Flores
so so better okay a question you can
hear the
game audio much louder than
their conversation you can
hear the audio much
louder not worth it let's see
general audio
okay let's see now talk
hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello
we are thinking loudly the levels incredible
incredible Well what's up your
honor how are you today I hope
you had an incredible weekend I
came to tell you Well today I am here
with my friend Alan clave that I came to
tell you that I don't know if it will be clickbait
acne Rocío Flores in a reality show
Well at the moment from what I've
read they are only rumors we don't know
if if there is already something confirmed okay From
what I've been reading it
says that many rumors indicate that
the negotiations are already quite
advanced so that in the first  important place
because it is that it is that I
mean no I can't tell you
seriously let's see the article I
read it on the other CV of my chavaleria.com
okay
but of course one of the one of the
reporters that we have Well let's say he
has contacts Ah okay Okay then
reliable is reliable is reliable
has contacts within
Telecinco then Well the
rumors point to that that the
negotiations are quite advanced
for him to participate in La Granja
in the in the reality show La Granja
La Granja have you never seen the
reality show for many years no I mean he would
resurrect La Granja
Flores
correct correct the
reality thing was already
confirmed Okay so what had been
raised was like well his place of
doing it like Survivors and doing
three weekly galas like super
endless and they were going to do it
in the 10 to 11 time slot So it would last
approximately an hour every day
from Monday to Friday
or in other words like they did with La Casa Fuerte more
or less let's see This is that in principle
they were thinking of it as being
recorded So it would be more like The
Island of Temptations I mean that it would be
a program already recorded you know what  I
want to tell you yes, it
was a recorded program that would later be
broadcast but then there would
be live galas once a
week with family members and well with
people commenting on the realism
what production company is that Well, I do
n't see much orange around here
the production company yes production company free
freemann right
now closing the casting of
contestants, I mean it's not closed yet let's
see Here I tell you who it comes from I
believe it what happens with this with these people
is that things go very day by day, I mean right
now a rumor news
doesn't mean it's false but it
could be that suddenly the day after tomorrow they will take a
turn and everything will change, I mean because
from the same source more or less
many times we have had rumors like
for example programs were ending it
turned out that instead of ending
programs they have extended it you know
these people live like us like
very day by day
the story is that, I mean they want to make
certain adjustments to the format that existed previously of the farm to
give it a facelift, well that
changing the format of being recorded instead of
being live,
putting one hour a day instead of
doing several  galas are even
thinking about changing the name, I mean,
the farm thing is even provisional,
the father was
cornered
from what I'm seeing here it says that
as of today they are considering
instead of putting the farm, putting something like
this paradise is hell or something like that
in the comments box what do you think I'll be
reading you I send you a huge hug
I have to concentrate on this roulette
how many are there How many participants are in
this
a little bit eh There are a few that have
passed I [ __ ] better well it was without
jumping Ah This is the last one there I mean
when you're on a floor So you
need to jump you have to jump careful
you fall eh you
have to walk look like the
others There is someone inside you no no
no he
went to eat and come back in a while
leave the game he
went to eat son of a [ __ ] when we
started
there is a kid Also he wants to
enter but the gel the one who has to
enter no I mean he can't be invited
of course
What's the kid's name
and you probably love
and Latina more
I say one thing There are tomorrow if they are if they
are 58 people here what are there  58 people
in the same game have to give it
ready
Yes yes Exactly the same as when we are
the four of us
Yes, just like in Fortnite, more or less do you
remember that they put a code in
Ari's tournament to enter, more or less like
that, okay Go for it
What's up, your honor How are you?
Well, I hope you had an
incredible weekend. I'm here with Alan
enclave you can follow her on her
YouTube channel and she's going to help me today because
I'm here training hard. I
remind you all that whoever
wants to watch the tournament tonight, I'm going to
broadcast it only on my
Twitch channel. Let's see, it's July 11th, it's
July 11th But in Spain it's actually
July 12th. But anyway, it's the night of
Monday to Tuesday at 12 right on my
tweets channel Javi oliveira twitch.tv
have oliveira aladne who says Look mom,
nothing, I was on Viva la Vida and there's a
bit of a twist to the docudrama, on the second
program
yesterday Saturday, Raquel Mosquera didn't go to
Viva la Vida,
yes I think she was on today, it got
messed up today. I  what I mean at
least I saw it today
what happened Well, there was a
friend of Pedro Carrasco and he said that he
was talking to him about like a week
or so before Pedro
Carrasco died and he assures her that he did not
reconcile with his daughter before dying at
no time does he
agree with Raquel's version and
how do you see how reliable that man is well there have
been journalists, I mean
for example Marisa who was there
kind of nodding her head
reliable
the gentleman has told his testimony and
then Alejandra Rubio for example and
Pilar I think it was Vidal Well
they were behind like Well in her
rhythm you don't have the audio I have it yes let's
see wait to see if it is
heard well
no you have not heard it because I play it
with headphones on
Pilar Vidal and you don't know the work I
don't see her here and in the news
that I have seen commented I don't see that or rather I do
n't see her from the images
I am or rather I am seeing Alejandra Rubio
to Pilar Vidal to Raquel bollo
and based on that  Marisa nodded
based on what she was
saying because then now I tried to
put the audio on now The thing is that of
course Alejandra rubias told her well
How curious that now all of a sudden everyone
comes saying that Pedro Carrasco had
spoken with them before he died and of course the
first thing That girl was one year old
when Pedro Carrasco died What opinion
could she have apart from any more
than what she's been told I mean she can't
have any kind of
clear memory exactly but but they are from what she's been
told she hasn't been able to see him
because she was one year old when I mean she
wasn't even one year old when that
man died
who is it Well the thing is that I
couldn't tell you the truth I
mean here it has been like I appreciate a good
friend or rather and in fact confirmed by
Raquel or rather he was a good friend of
both of them this must have met when
they set up the
hairdressing center
and seven days before he died and not
finally because of course we have to remember
a death that was expected it was a
sudden death without anyone
expecting unfortunately
what was he saying Isabel
I mean nobody expected that he was going to
die or  the same neither Raquel nor anyone
then a week before they were
talking Well about how he felt that he
felt quite bad about everything
that was happening because of the relationship with
his daughter he must have told her the episode
of The fight that Raquel has told so many times about
when they went to take the
toys that I believe her perfectly
[Music] it has
not been detailed but but he
has told it as if to say he was
right the man also has
not told the fight he said that he
knew about that fight
so that she because Rocío Carrasco what she
is saying is that there was no
fight that there they made the bases and all
love and happiness and lollipops and those
things But Rocío Carrasco still says
that her Pedro said that he had to
kiss Fidel wherever he stepped Of course but but
the man is saying that there was
a fight then that there was a
fight and that and that Pedro Carrasco was
feeling bad about that fight therefore
black and white what version is the one that
fits and Marisa to the Ome
has answered Alejandra
telling her Well that  it was obvious that if he
felt bad it was a situation due to
a very extreme argument with his daughter. It's
normal
for him to talk to people and vent. So it doesn't seem strange to you and there are people who appear saying that they spoke to him and found out about that argument, that it was an outlet for him, to talk and tell it. I mean, there's nothing strange in that either, you
know, but it's true that nevertheless, there's no
one who comes out and says that they knew that there were
some passes, they are the ones who tell it Rocío
Carrasco, I literally believe the argument.
It's also that she always tells it in the
same way, I mean, the times that she has
told him, taking out the taking away, it's that
when the extract of it comes out in
Martian Chronicles, which is supposed to have already
happened after the argument and that
Raquel Mosquera doesn't say anything, what I
see there is that she's being discreet, I
mean, she doesn't want to tell it, I mean,
imagine that you and I, of course, Imagine
that you and I are now fighting, okay? And
now here live, I act as if
nothing happened and I don't say that I'm fighting with you but
because I don't want people to  I know I don't
want to carry atmosphere or anything And
now things are getting worse as the
months go by and then if I tell it and you show me
this clip saying Look, this was
after the fight and Javi was there
saying, he wasn't saying anything, nothing had
happened,
it's what we were talking about the other day
that in the end
if you don't want the fight to
transcend or that or that the bad vibes that there are
transcend, let's see that it was quite
obvious because of the attitude they had between
them in the funeral home and such But well, you
can know how to hide it like, well,
I wasn't feeling well or whatever, no,
but I think it was more out of respect and
from what they were saying yesterday in
the chat they were commenting on how Pedro
had asked Raquel to
be measured with Rocío and with what she said about Rocío and with what you
said about the fight, or in other words, people's fantasy. I
mean, Pedro can't tell her. I
mean, he can't warn her about the fact that it
was committed,
she would do that out of respect for
her daughter. I think it was out of respect, but
Hey, neither, neither  don't you So it
could be that in private they
had one not thinking that he was
going to die because logically he didn't
know that's why I'm telling you but
publicly or rather perhaps they had
some conversation that this is already
my speculations that perhaps
they had some conversation
in private about Well publicly we're going to
pretend that things are going well like there has
n't been a problem like in the
end she's still my daughter and I don't want them to talk
bad about her because
I have a fight with me whatever the
same in private who knows if they had
that conversation do
you remember I don't know if you will remember in the
first documentary I remember that they also
showed Cris de la Jurado two or three times
saying I don't know if they put it in
the documentary itself or the programs like
sálvame commenting on it like la
Jurado said that she didn't like
being a gossip that she her life and such that
you don't remember that no
Well
in this one she takes out an article about
Rocío Jurado in a magazine telling
gossip
I but it's not because I had seen it in
the first  in the in the first
document
And yes, I know that I have
heard her say many times that she did not
like that her entire life is gossip, I
mean, one thing is that
certain things were talked about another thing is that
absolutely everything, well of course she
liked to sell what she wanted but that she
was a participant in the gossip press
Rocío Jurado yes, it is true that she has
always had a very good relationship with
the press they came to a kind of
respective
many things I think that the
article was an exclusive that she gives
saying that she has had differences with
her husband and that is why she was separating or
that they are thinking of separating something like that I mean It
was you but you are talking to me
about Pedro Carrasco I
mean that she was that every exclusive in
the gossip press, let's say because it was
partisan of course
a lot of
good things to see No lie the wedding the wedding
I think they did not sell it or they did not charge
anything for it but well yes, yes, she
has sold many things and a lot of
news But well, I also understand
that you can sell a certain part of
your life but you do not want
absolutely everything to be made public
what you want Of course it is like the
another day that I don't know if you saw the
live when Maika was in the chat
when she said the thing about the cocaine, aunt, it
seems to me that she went too far
sincerely
and there are many people who tell me no Javi, let's see, I don't care, I'm
telling you now you can't
say that even if you have the video
of the person taking the cocaine even if it
were true That I neither know nor do I care I
disconnect really, really the
serious thing about that in this specific case is
the subsequent accident is the institution
that the insinuation that there is that I
can cause the accident,
that information is the serious thing all of you
Yes but I mean if it had only
been the other thing, I don't think it would have even made
sense to tell them
in the case that that was today when
tests are done and it comes out positive that
the accident is the fault of that in that
case if they have to screw themselves you
understand because it is newsworthy but
if we are talking about that back
then
tests were not done for that and there is no
evidence to accuse them other than
rumors
at the time yes there were yes there were
insinuations
in different media
no no no previously, I
mean when the accident happened Yes  I
remember how some insinuation was not
said as openly as
Michael said the other day logically
something like that like I'm going to say it in the way
that it can be said and let's say he
said the same thing the word cocaine was changed to
white powder or
talcum powder something like that it's like for that
place let
's see what I hope is that the people
who pass information to him then in case he
has a problem which I hope
not Really, I
'm not saying it in a
way that they wish it on him and that I'm
against her or anything that I get along
very well with Maika but I already told her
here being in the chat or rather for me
that
is a problem but even if you have even if it
were true and you have a video of her
doing cocaine eh that is an
incredible violation and to everyone
who was asking the same thing
happens that I don't think they will report because
these people obviously said that you were going to
report a youtuber and if they haven't
reported the other I don't think they will report it I
hope I don't have any problem
sincerely it
seemed a bit risky to me but oh
well let's
see  actually it's that of course I don't know if
telling it one way or another I
think she was referring more to the fact that she
was telling a
testimony that had reached her
it's that there's no way There's no way to
tell what I mean I can tell you
many other things in a way that I
can tell you without it being actionable but the thing is I ca
n't find a way to
say it without it being actionable
that it's not that she's saying it it's that
a person who was supposedly there
that day is what she told her
I know
so Imagine if I say it no and I say the
truth I'm not saying it they've told me
that the acne gets in she shoots up on
heroin you know But well I'm not
accusing eh they've told me that
a driver told me I don't see the
way that and well you can put the audio on
if I take off my headphones
well my honor has been violated or no no no my
honor I would say that it violates
privacy or rather in the plan Although I
could prove it even if it is You see I I that I That's what I
see or rather they come out
saying something about that [ __ ]  I'm
telling you that
later we say that if he has to
if he has a querulous mood it's a
corner a huge kiss King I don't know if you're
his usual Corner but if you're the
same one
who says wings
Thanks dad
I believe that he wouldn't make peace with his
daughter that he wouldn't give her time okay
Look at any person who
leaves her father or her mother and is left with
the thing of having been able to
close the pending accounts to see if I have been
able to say goodbye to whatever I know that already
with the conscience Maybe of
if we have to see I regret what I
could have fixed what I didn't fix you
know then in the case that they haven't made
peace That at the moment what
we have Well, it's not
tangible evidence it's the words of one against the
others or rather in a way 100% evidence we
have nothing in the case that it's true
that no that the father left and they haven't
made up it would seem super
cynical to me if she was saying that
if she made up with him and on top of that she said
that she had to kiss his feet of noodles
where noodles pass or something like that
I don't you  I say one thing and
I lost my father when I was even younger
than her if I had gone through
that situation of leaving without
having resolved an outstanding conflict you have
enough on your shoulders
carrying that forever to be
doing what you are doing staining
staining his image
sincerely well his image
she has no intention of staining the
image of the Father I am going to have the image
of leaving the image of Raquel Mosquera
she also
has no intention of staining the
image of her mother but it is that on the
rebound
but of the father why because do you think
that staining her could her father the issue
of alcohol and that yes it is true that yes it is true it is
true in the end of course it is that
or rather that it is not his intention
well surely it does not give you the
intention of staining her from her mother but it
is that on the rebound by wanting to stain her from
other people this bad stain of her
parents yes it is true the father gets it there
eh I mean when he says what he did to my father You
know what you served my father wow
what are you saying aunt
look at you I have been defending her
for a few minutes from them telling her what what  he
told the other what they told him what
Maica said the other day And it's that
she said about the father
Well, he was leading you on, of
course, I wo
n't tell you I don't know if you've already seen
episode 4, I haven't seen it Aunt
Estelita, I mean, I'm just going to tell you
one thing, pay attention to the
veiled, not so veiled insinuations that you
make out of
curiosity
It's not that I hide them much either
They're very strong so I was
thinking of putting on the episode
because of course I have to do the
rewatch man But I was thinking of
putting on the episode here now,
training lost, since we can't do more things at
once today I've already
recorded the main one before telling me
tell me if you can hear the audio
to say that I'm going to put it
directly from Twitter because mine has
put up a summary
and tell me if you can hear it because Twitter
sometimes you hear it a little low okay
Try it, it
sounds really low, it's better if you
put it from the phone to the microphone to the juanjos
okay,
he's the only one who does it sometimes to
mess with him but yes it's true that
on the phone you can hear it, I mean, yes  I
put it on the computer it sounds very
low because the disk I don't know why it does
n't let you share audio it's like it
filters it but it's like well it's like
a quality that it has in theory it's
supposed to do it But it's a
pain when you want to share with
someone or put a video or something let's see clarify
me
Listen that's
the man
This is the gentleman yes
today you're going to tell us you have heard and that you
have lived with Pedro and that today you're going to
tell us for example you knew his
relationship with his daughter
a very complicated day for him very
sad for him he was really dejected
and I think it
appears easy the simple thing by phone
logically
at the moment in this what I tell you from what he
said a year and three months ago he
went on air to say this same thing it
's his first time talking about the subject
and he talks about the fateful night the one of the
fight I
move on to the next we
logically have nobody nobody
[Music]
a little strange that he goes around telling
people
his friends
that maybe he had to express it he
has a point and Alejandra is right
but it is what it is what I'm telling you that if
you let's see what's happening to all of us Javi you
have a big fight Yes you
talk to the people closest to you and let it all
out I can have a person I
trust a lot who had a
fight like that with your daughter
you have a very intimate fight eh it's a
very intimate fight but it wasn't something new I
mean they were already having problems for a
long time I mean it wasn't like they
had suddenly argued and something that
had never happened before I mean I understand
that there were several people or several
friends who were already aware of the
situation that he had with going up I'm
not telling you it's impossible but when
Alejandra says how many people have they
told how many people how many
people have come out telling this well let's
see that as far as I know two apart from Raquel
Mosquera as far as I know two says no it's that
now it turns out that fart she has told I do
n't know how many people but if not to come
out this man not that man and Marisa as far as I
know only those two people have come out I
mean Marisa nods or that they have
told her how it is
warns her she said that
at the time I mean not long ago she said that
she had to  say that Raquel
Mosquera was right about many things
because she had had conversations that were
a little more private, a little more intimate
with Pedro Carrasco, she had spoken to him about
the bad relationship with Rocío and about
situations that had happened, Marisa's chicken, I
trust Marisa's word more than her
friend's. This one that comes out, look, the
friend tells it very forcefully,
eh. I don't know if now you're going to put up any
more audio but the thing is that
Marisa's word, yes, I believe it, aunt, it has never, ever
given me reason to think otherwise, on the contrary,
really, the two
most important headlines are the ones she said, it
talks about the fateful night, that is, like
confirming that there was a fight a short
time before
and that there had been no reconciliation
before she died with her daughter. I mean, I think those
are the two most important things
in the testimony she gave because then she
tells how they met and how they
began their friendship and such. But well,
that's a little irrelevant.
Well, if that's true,
I believe it, aunt. I believe it
because I believe the fight will come later.
Then
Raquel has been very critical of
Rocío Carrasco because  there were no
documents just testimonies and in your case It's not like there are
documents there are
testimonies from people and addresses the
testimony of a person well mind you there is
no document
regarding this I mean regarding
issues of inheritance and other
things of course there are documents
look there are things in this documentary
that I believe but on the part of on the against against the
against the Amador Rosa Benito clan and
yes but that is the problem you know the problem
that I see I also have certain certain
nuances that I believe the problem is that here it
is either black or white or all or nothing and there are no
nuances I mean I
believe that nothing
with Raquel Mosquera I would say that
nothing that everything that Raquel
Mosquera says is the truth yes at the moment
today she is the only one that I believe a
hundred times the only thing that the only thing
you can question Raquel Mosquera is that she must
have profited by seeing on
the sets talking and taking advantage of
the fame of
Rocío Carrasco Pedro Carrasco And that but
of what she is I don't think it's right to
criticize her that they have all done they have
done everything she is the daughter of Rocío
Jurado and to be  making a
documentary now because she is the daughter of Rocío
Jurado otherwise I wouldn't do it
one one health cured because she is the daughter
the other because she is the wife the other
because he is the brother and the other because he is
perico the one with the sticks I mean in the end
absolutely everyone has entered into that game
so criticizing him for that would
seem a bit absurd to me the truth of
course the only thing they could criticize him for is
because for the rest you have to
agree more or
agree less or that you liked
certain behaviors more or less or whatever
but but he has been saying the
same version from minute 0 until
today except for certain nuances and I
think they have been more out of respect than anything
else which is the only one that
today I believe 100%.  call the way he
tells it eh I
mean it's real let's go Yeah I mean you
know when you're seeing someone who, let's
see, or she's a very good actress or or that you
're seeing someone and you
listen to her and you say that what she's telling me is true for
sure
Well nothing family leave me in the
comments box what you think about
this subject I'll be sending you Ah I've
stayed there very close to the Coronita I'll
be reading the comments box
see you in the next video how
close ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta
eh report the
player
to that
Bad behavior how close eh regrettable
how close how close Because we're with
the gossip eh yeah maybe I'm more
focused you
were giving the truth well how
Milano is doing eh incredible
we're going to invite him to dinner after
spectacular tomorrow you bring him the
toast to bed eh buddy what I
already want I bring his head like yesterday
that you have to come to girls he
realized that this is inspired by a
yellow humor
the Bot
because I have  I deleted the Twitch Bot
for the cat's pizza it could be the
first part it's true because I
deleted it well I would delete it because I was
with my face at 9 in the morning and I would
delete it thinking that I was or something
put Lorena more or less so she could
see how I played and she wasn't there dude let's
see if Also there's
the viewer I don't know who's
watching You're
going to be able to hear me just waking up
watching how these thugs are
at 7 in the morning playing alfalgate
okay
without wanting to with the [ __ ]
Lee automatically laughs I would delete dude
because I don't even remember the
moment I deleted it and then
come on it does
n't stay with you automatically it would
cross my mind that there would be
some copyright or some [ __ ] or
something and I automatically deleted it you
know what it's not that I don't remember having
deleted it I went down to get my breakfast I started
to review the script and when I took the
shower at 11 in the morning my
body said no that you weren't going to record
any video
I put on the air I went to bed and I set the
alarm for  5 in the afternoon and I got
up and went back to review the script and
record from the main page.
Look, I told you, eh, impossible,
impossible.
And you guys who made it clear, I wake up
straight away. What are you saying? No, I
get up at 5 in the afternoon.
Whenever I want, more whenever you want, with the
[ __ ]
now. Very well. It's over and such.
There's a tweet that Juan posted
about Raquel
Mosquera, also
a run-in between Raquel Mosquera and
Belén Rodríguez in 2019
and it's interesting to listen to too. Okay,
very good family. How are you?
Lovers of the heart. Well, today we are
here playing a little bit because we
are preparing for
tonight's tournament. Do you remember the
squid game? You had a great time in that tournament
and came to support me. Well, if you
want to support me tonight,
Monday night to Tuesday, on my tweets channel,
Javi Oliveira, we will be playing
Chapulín Colorado, don't miss it.
Mrs. Chespirito, I am here with my
friend Las Enclave, who, in case you don't
know her, has a YouTube channel and
is very  cane and I recommend you all to
subscribe and what are we going to
talk about this time to analyze a
fight No yes there is a tweet from Juan López
de Zárate that has caught my attention
for a few days but we hadn't
commented on it I read the tweet and then I'll play
the audio and you tell me what you think okay
Juan Juan
Juan Juan when he gives it he gives it eh Let's see
if Antonio David wakes up a little And
learns a little bit about the waff wow don't you
see it coming you come back a little twisted and it
leaves you in chaos
tell us
October 2019 clash between
Raquel Mosquera and Belén Rodríguez about
some possible insinuations that
Belén Rodríguez made about
Raquel's past Monsters
two years later history repeats itself
but now through Rocío Carrasco's mouth by
chance I'm playing the audio
good audio
[Applause]
Yes well at night well we already know but she has
never been a hairdresser
implying gentlemen prostitute Well I'm
going to say something that she was a prostitute
to understand and you know what I'm going to  say
man everyone to me all the
messages I have have understood it like this
gentlemen Look, I have not been but if I had
been eh I would say it clearly
because everyone knows me continue like that that is why
I am a good mother, good daughter,
good wife, something that other
people maybe are not paid for
but they are in another way and they are neither
good mothers, good daughters nor good
wives, it has been made very clear
stopped Did you
see that program that is a Sálvame
of light at night that they are not
even on Sálvame they are in the meeting
I think at the survivors table or
some reality show it is an open-handed zasca
eh But well it is that it is
hot I am going to explain to you why
Because it is true that I do not know
why this is judicialized this what
happens is that justice goes as it goes But
this there is one there is one there is a lawsuit
in between okay
Raquel Mosquera sued Belén
Rodríguez for this and the insinuation if
it exists to know clearly I do
not know if Clara is there for there to be
a conviction I do
not know how to tell you you know it would have been
good if Juan had put there that I do not
know  if it was for the best you could put it later what
Belén said you know what
Belén said is on the internet you can
find it easily but
what she meant is what she meant
the veiled insinuations of these people
we know how they are So they drop the
bomb and leave it there she
got up from the table and I'm going to
sue you I'm going to send you and I sue her and
in fact the thing is that I don't have much
information about that lawsuit because there are
many times when there is a lot of information
about the lawsuits and the complaints and there are
others where there aren't so many the only thing I know
about this lawsuit is that there was a day
when she had a summons to court and
Raquel Mosquera did not show up
because she didn't want to agree to anything then Of
course what makes sense to me there
could be two reasons in which there is
a situation in which one of the two
parties does not show up not because
Belén Rossi who showed up and she did
want to agree
the question is that it could be a
criminal complaint and being a
criminal complaint first there is an act of
conciliation and then if there is no longer an
agreement in that act of conciliation if there is
no  conciliation that is called
So the judge has to admit
the complaint for processing or not, which I do not see.
I weigh it for processing for a criminal litigation,
the woman, sincere, eh. For women, but it is that
for criminal matters it does not fit to me that this
would be for criminal matters because it has not been like that. That
is for civil matters, those rights to
honor, then it sounds like the situation
that occurred was a civil lawsuit for
honor rights that first has a
prior hearing in which
the parties do not have to appear, but that
is judicialized. What happens is that to
this day the result has not yet come out
and This was good, a
long time ago, that was
maybe Four years ago at the most,
acne,
from what it says here, October 19, but
of course also. It is true that for a
year and a half everything has been absolutely
paralyzed. So it is normal that
a lawsuit in
2019, which should have been the trial already, was also prolonged,
but it was not because. Well, I will
tell you because in detail, but yes, yes, let's
see, things in the courts are very
slow. So there has not even been a
trial in the first instance, we do not
know. Why we do not know what is  they
are asking but it is
true that Belén was willing to
agree for me there the insinuation
well look once I was accused of
making an insinuation like that but then you
saw the whole video and you saw that no that
what I was saying clearly
was a matter of
cronyism and other things
okay And three different ones wanted to show it to me as
if I was teaching but the thing is that
what she said would have been good for
Juan to have the clip there is what I am
saying is that he met her at night and that
as a hairdresser she does not earn
if I am not mistaken eh that as a hairdresser she does not earn enough
to live the life that she led
something like that
okay
like she spent more than what in theory she
earned as a hairdresser if I am not mistaken it
was around there what was more or
less Clara the inclination
in the clip this that Juan puts
is like he met her at night or rather it is that maybe it is not
just one
comment maybe it is an accumulation of several
comments that in the end if you add it
all up it is obvious what you are trying to say
no
mmm it was a phrase I mean no it was not
many days or anything eh  Well it was on that
same program
Noche and I saw it was understood if not I'm not
telling you because it was after several
days but if you let go On the one hand the
insinuation that you lead a
higher lifestyle than you could
afford with a hairdresser's salary on the
other hand from the comment that they
met at night
and you put the two things together there it becomes a
little bit clearer
or some other comment Maybe you
put it more there the rest
followed the
clip ends I don't see anything else here it does
n't put you in comparison what Rocío Carrasco says in
the episode
no Let's see what Rocío Carrasco says
in the episode is like I do
n't know I don't know how they met I don't know
she so young I don't know what something like that in what she
says but And that's on
Juan's Twitter no I don't think it wasn't going to be there I
thought the comparison was going to be there
no
Well it would have been nice if he put it
But come on I'm telling you that this is
judicialized and well it's clear
that when Belén rol I mean
I think it's public domain that
Rocio Carrasco point number one has not
been silent for 20 years because I have already
shown several sites where she has
made statements.
I would highlight one that really catches my
attention, man, which is when
in the complaint of gender violence
there is a moment that I do not remember if it was
the provincial court or the supreme court, they
dismiss the claim of gender violence.
Save me gives the news and she calls
Save me to say: Hey, hey, no, eh, they have not
dismissed it, eh, that is not yet
because ah because Antonio David came out
saying: mana suelto, no,
but
only, no longer, only that. Let's see,
over the years there are testimonies
from many journalists. The first thing they
tell you is firsthand that they had a
relationship with them and that they
passed them information on the one hand and on the
other hand
that they knew things that only
the parties themselves could know. So
if Antonio David did
not have dealings with certain journalists because
obviously they defended Rocio Carrasco and
the situation was a bit tense, it was
clear where they got the information from.
[Music]
Well, yes, well, yes, also that Gemas López
made a good ambush.  I don't know if you
remember when they did this section
that they were going to put on Sálvame daily
that I fine-tune hard. Well, I don't know if it happened,
it's not even a real episode
because what they did was the
presentation once and then like with the
collaborators and in the end they didn't do that, I
spoke to her, they spent more on the
proposal to announce it than on the
section and
the presentation. I
mean, Sálvame, I've been saying it
a lot these days and we've given
many examples in Sálvame it has been the
program where Rocío Carrasco has been crushed the most,
okay, but without Antonio David, I
mean, they only continue Antonio David without
Antonio David working. There, they, the
presenter, collaborators, directors,
all have been the ones who have tarnished them the most,
but much more than Antonio David, I mean, and
now he's there as if and as if
they were them here Verdugo or something like that
again. But before that, two things are mixed up here.
One, the first thing I did is about
dignity, she who hits herself. Beating her
chest, talking about dignity and look what
these people do who are this and that,
and then it turns out that she has already done the
same thing worse. In that  sense that she has
sold out in a place where they have treated you
like manure Okay and the second thing is that she
can't be friends with the directors of a
place where they put like 200 rags on you I
mean it's not that she's a friend now but she has
been while they kept
putting rags on her Yes that's why I'm telling you I mean
how could she be friends with them it's that it's
incredible
that she criticizes herself because of course you
can have an opinion but it's that they crushed her I
mean things have been said on sálvame
Quédate late la marinera but strong
deleting programs and things I
mean one thing is commenting on a news story and
another thing is the shows that they have
made of absolute degradation with her and
with many other people
Well nothing family we will be reading
the comments box don't forget to
subscribe to the enclave please I
want you to have 2000
new subscribers tomorrow okay but it's direct
my soul
Yes this week I do
my soul see you in the next one
this is cool really
incredible it's cool spectacular we
can change the name of the Channel the
fan of the of the fan of the helmet
the fan of the cani
there are more of great lordship
Valdeperas in Congress you do
n't have to explain that well
there is audio of that too the audio of that is
all the same
the audio of that is all the same but if I'm
going to read you a part of the statement
that is very funny is very funny it does not
talk about Rocío at any time
the statement is funny because you say
that hypocrites Okay I'm going to be
very good how are you ladies and gentlemen how are you we
are here practicing a
little alfalgar we have
a tournament tonight and if you want to
support me remember that we will be
on Twitch tonight okay I'm not going to broadcast it
on YouTube maybe later I'll upload the
best parts of the main Channel but
if you want to see the tournament live
that I'm going to participate in tonight
twitch/tv/haviolivera I'm here with my
friend acne Good evening good
evening no yes yes
we have to comment because
our friend David Valdeperas has been
at an event in Congress
Explain that to me well the whole context let's
see I'll put you in context the story is
that they held some
LGBTI Plus visibility days and the rest
of the letters of the  alphabet organized by
the psoe worth the congress of
deputies and there were several guests and
among those guests was David
valdeperas
for the issue of
lgtbiq visibility correct in different in
different areas so I understand that
he was invited to talk about
visibility Well in
television programs for example sálvame which is the one that
because there are no other programs can you think of do you
have any other program that gives
better visibility okay because they
are now with the drag gala and
everything they are doing
let's see I don't know if there are more programs
that make visible that surely there are What
happens is that I think they have
really chosen the worst example of a
program to imitate taking into account the
general behavior that these
people have not only towards the collective
but towards any person who
crosses them So since they do not seem to me
an example to imitate precisely and they
invite someone to a presentation to give
lessons it seems to me let's
remember that these people are a
little bit accused and that
a little bit accused but no longer accused let's
see if it is true that
no hateful behavior
against anyone who is lgbt comes to mind  the truth is I can't
think of anything right now
not for For that specific reason
hateful behavior towards women and
so on a lot but I [ __ ] on his
[Laughs]
what hateful behavior towards
women and if I tell you in one go but
let's go not
only no longer only against
women but against any person
who is not or seeing in their
political rope or well Well in what we have been
experiencing in the last year any
person who strays from the
single thought of having a different opinion than Rocío
Carrasco no I mean we have been seeing
how they have insulted Rocío Flores for her
physique Kiko Hernández making fun of if she
puts filters on Instagram okay
calling her a few insults
Marta riscos they have humiliated her because she
can be more or less liked but Marta has been
bullied so much that it is
totally [ __ ] You can criticize her here
we have criticized her but Marta riesco has been
bullied really Marta's mistake has
been entering into their game a little the
truth
Well the mistake Marta's mistake has been
that she is not taken seriously Because she has already
made us respect her as a person seriously
of putting herself in her place in a serious way
they have taken it as a meme But because
then she has participated in
certain types of
situations that were unnecessary, such as
being hilarious with Kiko Hernández
chasing each other down the hall,
what they have done to her is horrible,
totally true that she has not earned
respect because she has followed their
jokes when she should have been much
more consistent with them, also true about the
spectacle, this last one since it
was already the final straw, it was when they stopped
mentioning the spectacle, this last one
with the restaurant cameras and
the story that was invented because
there would really be some truth in
what she was saying, but surely,
but just as she was telling it. No,
of course, apart from the truth in that, but she
wanted to exaggerate it to throw more [ __ ] at
Rocío Carrasco and eh, they screwed up, they
screwed up and they got caught because
surely if they had told it. The
truth, the truth, the truth, they would have
made Luis Grecia look bad, but since they
went after Rocío Carrasco, the
move here is that, of course, against the LGBT, it does
n't come to mind that there
surely are, but against women,
against against 18-year-old girls, just
turned 18.  Jules they
humiliated her for her level of education in
case she was a fool for they took her from where she lives
they chased her three blocks around
her street I mean a lot of
cheesy things Jorge Javier telling a
woman Goodbye filthy girl I don't know what I don't know
how much you are dirty what
else What else what else I mean
about that well let's see Jorge Javier has
been in general with with I mean he
has a very despotic way of speaking
So he has
been disrespectful towards
many people and Kiko Hernández
Exactly the same So they have not
behaved
against anyone and lgtbi not for being it
but I mean they have
generally been disrespectful towards
anyone regardless of whether they were
the dgtbio no So it doesn't seem to me that
a person can go give
talks anywhere about how to
normalize or behave with a
group or with a certain number of
people when you behave
the way you behave and on top of that they bring
people to Congress girl who are super
charged in several cases girl it
's that we have a government that laughs at
us pisses in our faces  eh
totally anyway I'm going to
tell you a couple of phrases that he said in the
presentation that I found quite
funny
we see that continuing to claim and
doing everything we do to
print normality that is a choice
of life a sexual orientation up to there
correct save me Sexual orientation
has no value we do not stop to
think or discriminate against anyone
and it's like well let's see you will not discriminate against
anyone for their sexual orientation because
for other types of things you
discriminate and a lot for fat Not for
example fat or for being the wife of or
for being the daughter of
but it is true that our universe is
very peculiar and it does not happen in all the
media
fortunately okay
so you can see that later they say that
politics is not with pinching with these
people I mean we have a government that
apart from being corrupt okay And apart from being
shameless and apart from pissing in our
faces
stealing from us making a
pact with
pact with Bildu no I mean that
seems to me the biggest betrayal that can be
done to an entire country
they are with pinched with those of save me
to do this type of  programs
scraches then they take and
publicize each other I promote the
PSOE and I make my end of the PSOE And now I
also from the government promote
your programs I mean it's the dick eh
man in the end it's clear that it's
a way what you just said is a
way of promoting the program I
think that in gratitude for the
campaign that they have been doing for years
especially Jorge Javier they give the
Menina award or rather the Meninas award to a
series that tells things that are lies
they are not interested in saying that they are
lies they have served them very well the
whole docudrama and the social reaction
that has come after them has
come in very handy to sell their
victim discourse
and sell their
feminist pamphlets it has come in handy Perfect
perfect
in the gossip magazines with
public money okay that was released informally
okay in the gossip magazines I don't
remember specifically which ones But well
the usual gossip magazines
the week before the docuseries was released there were
pages of advertising from the Ministry of
Equality okay I mean now in the
gossip magazines they were  everything was getting heated
more than the government the
Lucio Carrasco docuseries was more
than planned with the government and with
Telecinco okay family
so that later you tell me to talk to us
about politics and what and what You're going to continue
voting because in your house we
have always voted for the
PSOE
and all and in the end it is a
very recurring comment, Oh but
don't talk about politics it's that this series
is about politics people who have sold us a
complete politician For a whole year
families I will be reading the
comments box tell me what you think
Pedro Sánchez to see if he's going to
screw you and we'll see the next video
a big hug
music from another music from another ready come on I'm going to
enter because there are 42 places
and I'm not staying come on great eh
60 but for now
thank you very much love
I'm staying here muted to
mess with you until I go to
sleepokay
as long as I don't let it go have you
realized that this is based on
yellow humor Thank goodness he
realized eh
my mother well Hayden Hayden is there he
has light up
uncle on Twitter today  with let's
see grandpa the betafak has argued with
Dallas over a comment he left on his
video of giving them changed yesterday let's go
by part yesterday we were watching in
fact he put the I think he left me a
little healso
had the intention of speaking out
publicly with all his right to
freedom of expression we don't know if it
could be because he simply felt like it
Or also because he was looking for a little or because he was
looking for controversy or because he really wanted to disassociate himself
No, I mean suddenly he like it was
n't Well I'm going to leave this
comment pinned here in the chat
for whoever sees the video and now no no he hasn't
posted the pinned comment that now he's
going to read it for us But he also takes a
screenshot that I didn't see yesterday I
find out Today he takes a screenshot and publishes it
on Twitter that's why all of Twitter
is talking about this and all of Twitter realizes he
put this this pinned comment on
that famous video no that it's a video that I
upload very well that in its day he really liked the video
because in fact he
reacted and we don't care about the air in the
comment
the comment says hello to say that today in
July 2022 no  I stand by what I said in
this video the date of this is January
2020 and at that time the situation
with Dallas was very different from now you
cannot justify the atrocities
that he has done and said under the pretext of
Poor thing the internet has caused him a lot of
bullying one thing is to be vehement
another is to treat those who come to
attack you and another thing is the
current situation so let's make this
clear just as in its day I
regretted having participated in the
bullying that has been done to Dallas
which I maintain today I regret
having defended him or justifying his
actions let's
see this comment it is in a video which
is the video of Dalas has changed is
reviewing the video today the video It is very
good the video basically talked about the
situation that Dallas had reached
after having been the punching bag
on the internet after being
accused by the
entire internet both youtuber and
Twitter or as press
even on radio programs It is that
brutal I mean the truth is that you start to
you start to review it like this brutal not
accusing him  of a pedophile, an abuser,
like dehumanizing, not that you
could say anything to him and then the video
basically understood the performance and the
way of acting that Dalas had on
many occasions
crushing his opponents if I'm
wrong about something let me know okay
but I think the video was more or less
saying that as if I understood that Dalas
does it like that and that in a certain way the
attitude he has is the result of
everything that has been done to him basically the
crushing and that today the
video does not represent him
because today is a
different situation I would rather have made another
video dude, I mean leave a pinned comment
like this the opinion of this video
no longer represents me and then put it on
Twitter then you make another video no
then you express yourself well and it says Hey,
look, one thing is how I was like I have
said many times not how you were
in 2019 and 2020 defending yourself like a
machine because you defended yourself like a
machine you defended yourself brutally and another
thing is that already
justified in everything  the harm that they've
done to you and all the progress that they've made you
take it now with sticks to all the
others you know I mean when someone does
something to you yes but suddenly something is
proportionate for me Javi Oliveira for
me for example the video Arif too
disproportionate I mean if you take a
person who has done something to you or who
suddenly starts messing with you again because
but a person who has apologized
to you Two years ago I don't know how long ago they
apologized if it was a year two
years three
they apologized properly they
apologized very properly Because
for me Ari One they apologized very
properly live we both
slandered him we went too far with him
tatata such that apology to give him
came in very handy because like it's not
always good an apology from
someone who has that impact and they
made collaborations that came in
very handy exclusive I don't know what yes that
he has defended Juan but that he
defended her while while they
answered his messages and while it was
believed that they were going to participate in
this village and then at the moment that no
longer that he takes out the  video of the gossip that
has released and that I stop following them and such
because if you get upset with someone you
can unfollow them but there are already
insults, montages and many things that were
unnecessary in Ari's video, I don't know if you will
agree with me, the people who
are in the chat, for me, many insults were
unnecessary, I mean, in many expressions
they were unnecessary, there were ugly pressures, like
if you sit on Greg's [ __ ], like if you have
remains of Greg's [ __ ] on your
face, a montage with semen in your mouth, I
mean, they were things that weren't things that there's no
way to take it and basically it does
n't justify it. I mean, I think, for
example, that the attitude that
Dalas is having may be the result of
all the beating that the
internet has given him over the years, but he
should let himself let himself let himself be helped and let himself
listen to advice and constructive criticism
and do things differently like he
was doing in 2020. But anyway,
what did Dalas answer to the
twist? Let's
see, basically, true, he uploaded the
screenshot of the comment to Twitter and give
the virgins  he answered yes clown yes he does
eliminate you from the album And that
felt like a kick in the balls and you
go back to the same loop in
which you were brutally humiliated Don't
tell people how you recorded a
video with me that you never uploaded because your
fanboy self was too much like
this or rather when he put that
ventafagrosita and says the irony of me
telling you that let's see the irony of me
telling you this the person who passed by you
broke your face for Juan and Ari to talk
about their infidelities and insult a thousand
people because he puts a crying face emoji that they
ignored a dd and put another
crying face emoji
also I have never hidden that I came out as
famous people and I have said it before in fact it
embarrasses me it is pathetic but I
have no reason to deny reality I mean there is a
quote like a comment where he admits
like yes he was a fanboy and such it is
clear that there Dalas already what he
was telling him was like like
see that it is something that has happened
on other occasions but we are not going to
hold on now that every time  if
one comes out and withdraws support it's because they
were a fan and now they're not a fan So it
's true that there have been people who have
tried to suck his [ __ ] and they do
that buddy or try to get
collaborations and things and when they haven't
gotten things the good way
then I've stabbed them in the back
as is the case for example with Luis
Sardo Yes it could be a case like that gray
something yes it could be a guy who is
putting his ear to his ear sucking his [ __ ]
and when he said no then he went he
went the hard way but you see the
face today I mean not even that
controversial video I don't
think it's real in fact he doesn't even
upload videos anymore Or at least
regularly
but of course it's literally I mean are you
telling me that I withdraw my
support and I don't support you I mean I
'm not happy with what with the
attitudes that you've had lately
and you're pointing that out to me that it's
because because you kicked me out of the album
when you got worse with Ari with
Juan because they don't answer your messages
that good that good answer Look in
fact if he uploads videos or  yeah but not at
all for gossip but in a
video game plan like comparing video games
and he doesn't upload videos of controversies or anything like
that,
for example, I don't know if I would have done
that of putting a comment maybe a
pinned comment if a video
no longer represents you and you don't want to delete it
so that your opinion from back then remains valid,
well yes a
pinned comment yes maybe
publish it on Twitter I don't know if I would have done it I
know how you can see it
like you're looking for them you know like
you're looking for something that you
put the comment so that so that
people know that you no longer
agree there because of what you're
saying at that time but that
today the situation is different okay For
that it seems fine to me but I don't know if
what I if I would have done the thing of
publishing the screenshot on Twitter But
anyway I don't
agree tell it
beat it up let's see and I've had it with a
lot eh but I don't agree
with Dallas in blaming that on the fact that you
did it from discs I mean if we
put it like this now everyone who
criticizes you is because
everyone who doesn't  I agree with the
behaviors that
happen now because you kicked him out of Discord or
because you didn't want to collaborate, something like
that. No man. There
are things lately that not
many people like, maybe you have to
take into account
that there is something maybe you have to
[Music]
look at, not that we live off our public image
and the people who support us
between the video, man, I mean, the
video, I don't like the
video either, it's not
like we were coming, not that you recorded a
video because you don't tell anyone that you
recorded a video with me that in the end you did
n't upload because you were embarrassed that
you became a fanboy, it's not that I
don't see a correlation, the truth. I
mean, I don't think one
thing has anything to do with the other, yeah. If you see the face,
suddenly I would have started attacking him in a
Hardcore way, there I tell you that it
would be wrong, you know, like because I have
seen, for example, things that I don't
support, things that I don't
agree with, but I'm not going to get carried
away like many people have done who
are haters and who were Wishing that
Dalas would make a mistake,
what a sack, no  there are a lot of people who know how to
get ahead, I mean the other day we saw
one who suddenly one thing is that you
criticize the video, the insults to Ari and
maybe that you don't think it's professional
or that you don't think it's serious, that on a
page they put the gore link as a
trap for hacking okay but from there to
you starting to say that it has
five years in prison Well maybe I
've gotten ahead of myself you know
then there's something in between one
thing is that he's not satisfied something else like that
and there I get a flab the only thing I
see is that he simply
withdraws support that he doesn't share the
behavior that he's having lately I
mean I don't see that the kid has
said anything Tremendous the truth
regarding what he says about the video that he didn't
upload because the fanboy table had been
left another another version or rather from what he
says here in a tweet he says that they
recorded it that he lost the file it
was the he didn't believe that he had lost it
that's why he deleted the album they
recorded a collaboration okay
apparently I read it literally that
comes in the thread that is reading aire
puts although  I don't know who is more of a fanboy of
who,
loser, he asked me for collaboration twice,
once in 2020 and again in 2021, the
subject existed many times,
that's what it says here, I don't know if it's
true or not, logically,
he insisted on the subject many times and in the
end I agreed to record it in 2020,
we recorded it, I lost the file, she didn't believe it
and deleted me from discord, the spiteful little [ __ ].
Hahaha,
[ __ ],
the versions
have to be solved with a debate
face to face, I don't know if you
know why the conflict started the
other time, really, there's Dallas,
the conflict was over something that
occurred to me that went viral, and then
hey, honestly, it's going to sound a bit
clownish, but then a
bunch of huge channels copied it from me. I took it and you
know, we were one night and we discovered
a section of YouTube analytics
that said visits that come from
Channel pages, the utility is with that,
with that, eh, neither that it put you, it put you
in the name of channels and now it
put you 500 visits, 300 visits and  I could
interpret because the truth is that it
could be interpreted, uh, it could be
interpreted as if they were other
YouTubers
who were watching your channel, and from
there it also came out that they
started to say it, that's good, but
then I don't remember based on what in the
end. Well, I think YouTube itself put out
a tweet, I
think there was such a stir that I
had the same one, and I put out a tweet denying
that function. I mean, you have to
realize that that would even go against
people's privacy. I mean, how are you
going to tell other
users
that YouTube recommended you,
it was like, for example, if it appeared to me,
if it seemed to me like wismichu, a
thousand visits,
no, that didn't mean that wismichu
had seen my video, had made a thousand
visits to my channel that month, that
meant that a thousand visits had come to
my channel from wismichu's channel,
someone who had seen a video of
wismichu followed, jumped to one of your videos,
but of course it could be because YouTube
recommended it, it could be because and then
people did the manual search, who
knows, I think Put me pages of the Channel, I
think it was, it did
n't get to  it wasn't very clear it wasn't very
clear but it was clear
what it was not Because we also
did tests and things that weren't what I
saw then it came out to me that I
saw pewdiepie or in other words like I saw
El Rubius that I saw I don't know what you see
that those were more or less possible things they
were more or less possible things What
happens is that then for example you put
from Javi Oliveira Javi el Canijo a
million visits and it's like I haven't
seen a million times you know and it was like of
course It's that from my
main channel the secondary one is recommended you
understand it was It was something like that and the thing
that when I made the video
I made a video but of course in my video it
was more humorous than I mean it wasn't with a
bad vibe of messing with people
I made a video that was humorous in the
way Look who watches my videos Well then
everyone started to bring that out as if it
were a chalets a lot of youtubers brought it out
but big huge
and Dalas brought it out saying that wismichu
saw bikini leasing and that and that he had
seen it for I don't know how many hours
a thing  that's how it was and then he didn't get off his
high horse because Dalas was saying yes, that was it, that was
100% sure I do
n't know what he
took out a video saying no and challenging
Dalas to a debate and from there the
debate came What happens is that while I think it
didn't turn out very well, not
because he didn't know how to defend himself very well, I don't
remember but wouldn't Javi be
equivalent to what's out now on
YouTube like Javi
Oliveira's users watch this channel too, I mean
when a recommended video comes out more
or less
the statistics Who watches my videos, I
mean you Imagine that I want to see the
Plus salsa videos I mean I wouldn't
watch them for any reason and suddenly I want to
see it because people have to
find out that I'm watching those
videos lying to each other that's what we're doing even
if you have the subscriptions in private
for example like most of us do that
was that it
came to be more or less like that like that
the page like from such channel
such visits came to you for example the
people who watched my channel
Well it
rained many visits to the
naughter Channel and the channel  naughter to mine
something like that understands me or rather like
something similar is still coming out in
the statistics I don't know if it's the
exact format but I remember that there were
several who asked
YouTube directly and YouTube put tweets
denying what no but the thing is that
apart it didn't make sense but that's what I'm
telling you I made a video but from
the joke there is the video that I put
paiva of my video I think it's called my
video I mean from the joke the challenge
but it's not to know anymore And then from
there the debate is born What happens is that I think that
you that of course evidently the
experience that Dalas has debating and
and the truth was very like it was very we were
uploading right phase He came very high very
quickly it gives me like good videos it was
n't going bad but it was going very like he was
coming up very fast
very good at editing and in fact he
structured the videos very well but what you
say he came very high when he went
up a lot suddenly I think because of a
video by Rubius I think
the famous one hasn't changed that it was a
video inspired by my live yes that yes I
mean with all the balls that I  I
had copied him yeah Well there it was Yeah, well,
to this day I have nothing
with him, I mean, we still continue to talk and we've
talked for
years now, he's also matured, he was
quite young Back then and he
had a bit more of an attitude and you can
see that he's matured, he had changed
but I
think he got too carried away all of a sudden and he didn't know how to
take it and it came to him, I mean,
the subject came to him a bit too much, I think he didn't know how to
take it and he didn't have the best attitude but
if it hadn't been for that, he wouldn't do it, he would
n't do it badly, eh because he structured
the videos quite well, I would have gone with
another, with other debates like
that strong debate,
I want to enjoy you, you can
enjoy
that, he
asks you if he can insult you,
no, well, I
say debate, let
a little debate come out of it, I see it well, there's a little
debate, to me I say to whoever is
right of the two,
I don't think you see the fault, he put
that comment because they threw the
album and because he's upset because
the album got him hooked I think yes,
Dalan would not have been there, he would not have
had the last controversies that he has
had, I'm dafa, I would never have said  nothing
but well that they have a little debate it would
seem very healthy to me very healthy I mean
since we
recently remembered the raimito that
they also have a debate eye eye
that here I am going to concentrate eh
alumbra flight alumbra and I am that I reach
all the finals But it is that it is not worth
anything
You barely realize it is
not worth reaching the finals if you are not going to
take the crown
of course
the ball out
suck my dick
no no no no I can't believe it
[Music]
what does he say
Wow to nothing eh let's
go I wanted that I had
grabbed it I
trusted your uncle Hector it is not worth it anymore
This is the same as if they had
killed me the first the
same as if they had killed me the
first
that is exactly the same as if they kill you
in the first it is this
well man Hayden
wait what does it tell us We could put together
some good games of Fall guys
with the viewers no Hayden can make
the room you pass the code privately
to join and then you pass it
on Stream so that the spectators can
join it is possible it is possible if  you like the
content you
can but Ivan You calm down eh you
calm down eh churra Ah sorry sorry
Also if it was to change your
skin and put on a black Chuchi
Oh it won't let me hit it wait
listen to me Chuchi Chuchi
cost him 30 bucks eh some respect Chapulín
[Music]
Okay now we're going to tell you about another
Dallas controversy that no channel has
talked about because I caught it
on the fly because it's about a girl
where there's an Ivan
I'm restarting the game what is it that it
gets stuck and it won't let me
hit the button watch out with this watch out with this
controversy that they're throwing nobody has told it and it
could be very relevant but pay attention to what I'm telling
you
pay attention to what I'm telling you that it could
even change
the result I mean what I'm going to
tell you now in this excerpt could
change what we thought until
now and the suspicions that we have until
now about them taking the
Partner away from Dallas
on Twitter
watch out
and I caught it because she's a
tiktoker that appears in all of them  sides is
called Okay now it will put here when I
'm editing this the excerpt and now
it will put the audio it's that I don't know
something will have fallen I have the audio and you
have it too Yeah the click Ah Well come on
put it yeah put it put it there I go I go
lighting up the image we're not going to see it
live now But there will be in the edition it will be
putting it okay it's a
tiktoker that appears to me recommended
all [ __ ] day all day and look
I don't see that type of content but it
always appears pum pum pum pum at
dances I don't know what Larisa I think her
name is Kimberly Larisa or Larissa I don't know
what
things at the same time calm down Ivan
calm down
OK now I put the it's
not a funny guy some
Instagram stories Okay whatever okay that
kid who is put the
previous stories that I didn't know until today I
didn't even have it okay
perfect I'm having my
quiet life without using any bad to anyone
[Music] let's
see what this guy is talking about I
mean he gives me a
hot stick and literally talking bad about
other people or criticizing things that
okay I'm going to leave you a little piece of the video
one of the parts that made me the most
nervous and you'll see if I'm
right
[Music]
what society contributes it's just missing the
hashtag lentils exactly
[Music]
okay a lot of people will have missed the
context no and it's that the context the aunt
no you don't put it or rather the context she doesn't
put it she suddenly meets
Dallas on Twitch who you already know is
put on well she has the 24 this the 24
hours posted in which she is reacting
to tiktok and it seems that she crosses paths with a
tiktor of this girl who appears
brutally or rather this girl I
highly recommend her
and she comes across a title of this
girl but it doesn't explain what
tiktok is about or rather he is criticizing something
that she says in the tip top and puts a
part in which he tells her but it's that
this girl is not right I don't know what she is
more worried about doing
that
because of what she is saying
and now she starts laughing that she doesn't
forget to put them on until well the
hamsters  We don't forget to put it to
anyone but I don't understand either Of
course without knowing the context of what
the text is that they are criticizing him I also don't know
if it was for I mean if the text
was to criticize him no
but it seems strong what he said in
the click that he puts as for her to be so
indignant
the truth is that no Let's see it's like when
yesterday we were breaking the
[ __ ] of this tortilla guy no Well of
course
with her either Well then the girl
put several stories Someone
tell me who this guy is you know who he
is I don't know what super indignant about that
but of course I expected that he was going to
put a click in which Dallas was going to get into it
with her in a super Hardcore way
and some slip but the truth is that
in the click the
most questionable thing I can tell you is that he
gets into that he has painted himself afterwards
that either I mean it's a comment
that you can make in a moment of
fun it's not anything no but well
since we don't know the context either but
listen to me I see her capable of having
reported to Twitch because it
coincides with the date this these
Instagram stories that I just told you
put are also from the same time the
same time as Ari's video and all
that,
three days before, three or four days
before they took away his Partner
And you think it could be because of that
my theory,
my theory is that what is strong enough
for them to take away his Partner is
Aris but I also tell you that another
theory could be several reports from
various people Of course they are a mix Of
course one day El
Rubius complained another day eight he said something and now
This girl also you know but the date of
the Instagram stories of this girl
that I know by sight I don't know if she
is Clarisa or something like that is called that it
comes out to me a lot it comes out to me a lot
and the date of these stories that
I had recorded here on my cell phone to
comment to you has been passing me by in
these days the
date is three or four days
also before they
took away the panel it is more or less
on the same weekend of the evening I
already tell you to me about the
Partner issue what I see as strongest was
Ari but I also tell you that Ari Juan
is denying to see reported
then it would also exist  the theory that there
were clusters of this
girl complained Oh look, she's not
messing with me, I'll
take action for this, I understand, of
course,
how could I not laugh, man? Yes, of course, but
in the end it is not necessary for you to be
reported for Twitch to see a video and
think it's wrong and remove your Partner. I mean,
in the end, man, it's a company and if they see
that things are going badly for them, well, I think that if you don't
report yourself, nothing will happen to you, for sure, man, it
has to be something like
arriving, it's a super big thing, man, I mean,
like this
issue, I don't want to mention it,
you know what happened recently,
but something like that about someone messing
with someone if it's not reported, I think
not, man, I
mean, I think it's already been
proven that when you eat a dick
Well, yeah, you're going to take it literally, man,
and when you eat a dick from Twitter,
when you're watching Twitter and that's it, and you eat
a dick, if you delete it immediately,
you won't get banned, I don't understand, let's
see, I understand that no matter how
much a person reports, there will be
someone who will see the video and see that it's
nonsense or that it wasn't  It's no
Anyone could report and
reach you on the channel I mean let's see you
can say a tremendous nonsense about
someone And that it's not going to go to you because that
someone doesn't report you therefore you
pass and you can say
something about someone that someone that
someone reports you but I'm not going to
do anything because it's stupid For
example I think that this girl
reported they're going to tell her that comb
either That's what I mean because in the end there are
very offended people who report for
nonsense this to me I imagine
for sure that I am reported millions
of times and him too for sure
millions of times but no longer not
partner of the platform but people who
maybe this
is saying that they have not reported
but maybe they have reported
people sending him clicks of the video you know that
I understand that if a
powerful creator reports it will have more force than if
a user does But if there are many
users who report that I mean that there are
users who have
direct contact with Twitch And if you have
a problem they hit a touch yes
directly or I mean Juan is already
telling you I'm not talking to you for
what  give you the reason to leave me
alone
But if I share the theory that it's
because of Juani, the truth is
the absurdities,
in fact, look at you,
I believe that Juan and nose are
lying about not having reported
so that maybe not and in the people,
really Or rather, the people to them but
I think it was them because
I would report, let's say it that clearly I say it
too but it's that I would tell you
like this, I reported you Of course I reported you
and at the end say it like that so they
can get into the move Of course, of course That's the
thing that doesn't want to get involved in life and
says you know what happens,
also seeing that Juan's character,
super conciliatory, I always
believe that it wasn't him, it was
the people, man, it was because of that issue,
but I think it was the people
reporting me another possibility that I see
is that it was
[Music]
someone who represents them, damn, who
reached the final,
seriously,
I want you to wait for us, [ __ ],
but I have not remained a spectator,
lamentable, lamentable,
first time and only in his life that he reaches
the final and I'm going to leave
well what happened with Karmaland today
man don't see no they're not capable no
lamentable lamentable we're going to have to
get fachalán again
we could we let's see start
what happened yesterday Exactly what happened yesterday what was it let's
see let me try my
memory a little while you put the
intro
pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa I mean
you want me to present the
extract again I wasn't
going to cut it You calm and nervous
you get nervous with the public don't
look look
basically what happened yesterday no
well it's that I have no idea what happened
today I don't get it Aiden
seriously
yes I promise you that Aire literally told me
Wow Paulet can
explain this to you perfectly what happened
yesterday Yeah but today I'm not informed and what
happened Let me ask him let's see I
swear he literally told me Wow
Paule explains this to you perfectly
well well while I explain to you what
happened there
basically I mean
what happened is it was going to be released No
so far so good I hope the server went down
clarification that theirs went down  eh
careful careful I mean it crashed and what they
did was move the entire
Karmaland server to McCarth You know what
McDowell is no yes it
's del Rubius more chaos the most chaos is
a public Rubius server where
Well I don't know if it's public yet but
basically you pay a membership in
Patria right and you have access
not exactly like that because I mean but well we
could say that more or less yes
because well you do have to submit your
resume and the most Cat Well you have to
pay to enter Of course of
course that would be the best thing Okay
so what happened with that
how they moved Karmaland McCall now you
could enter Karmaland from McCarth's IP I
mean literally the
Karmaland icon would appear Karmaland 5
mod pack 2.0 would appear and then you would get an error
because well you couldn't connect because it did
n't have the Mods but Well basically I mean
imagine you want to go in to
play more chaos and suddenly there's
Karma
When we have the
squid games pack installed
and you move Saw over there Then it doesn't
work Because you have Saw installed  the
squid game mod not something like that
exactly the program that we
had installed on top of the
Minecraft version
And what happens
and then that data imagine you pay
a subscription to more chaos Hoping to be
able to enter and suddenly you can't
enter because they are playing karma stamps
but here the key is there was permission from
Rubius to do that I do
n't know exactly if there was permission
I imagine so because well imagine
if there is no permission Be careful if there
are no permissions very serious Of course of course
if there are no permissions
what happened is they could solve it
Now yes but it seems that
the IP of now yes of Karmaland was leaked because they
left some things unprotected When
making the transition you know then it
seems that they leaked the inpe
but nothing happened afterwards because
Moya fell
and it's like watafak it's worth remembering this one is
working
on tortilla there were two Well we'll see we'll
see what happens with him
Oh grandpa grandpa
then
let's remember the past occasions what
events there have been there are the Saw games and
the squid Game that the squid games and
the Saw games it should be noted that they were not
made by Everett
when they were delayed it was because they
were literally the ones from Moyans who
had, that is, very although it had fallen
again it is not that it is not that
the server had fallen due to carelessness those
of Sao it is that it fell very well when
in the cars there are and in the squid it did not
fall very well but remember that they
hacked the Andorrans well there
was a day that there was a whole afternoon that was it do
you remember that we were in
the potato car they
were Andorrans and in Sao they were very
good
then there I remember everything there we were
roleplaying you and I I don't know if you remember
talking about the goose I don't remember yes
and I arrived I'm going to go around no
then well it happened the next day and
well the Andorrans are dead in Los
Sauces it fell very well but here
the server goes down for the programmers be
careful or rather they throw them they do a
finger to them I don't know exactly but well it goes down
and aire tells me that today they
could not enter also that  he fell every now and
then No neither I mean
yes they played but
well he fell
all the time I mean at the beginning he was falling all the time
so well in the
beginning
there were some who saw him well that he was
like an angel and there were others who saw
horse armor
flying So it
's an amount of failure that you don't usually
see but I understand that as they are tied up
with one project and with the other then in the
end I mean I think that you can't
be working for thugs
for Burger King Effectively it's what we have
talked about many times Us with
Editors with thumbnails and with things
like here for example it has happened that if you
are sending work to a person
and that same person is also working for you
for the competition point number
one there are things that they take from you and use them
on the other side and point number 2 there are
times that they are failing or they are
arriving late because they are attending to someone
else too you know I mean if you
work in one with some and in this here there is
going to be bully Willy's comments
and Vegeta's comments I
have felt identified with things that  there have been times when
I've gotten pissed off and they've
bothered me they don't say it like
with a Willy Willy taunt with a little less
Willy taunt it seems like a joke
but it's not a joke that if they copy us that if I do
n't know what that if let's see if such
knows is how they are not upset Well
Vegeta looks tall eh I mean but
when you want
you want
but let them know I was there telling My
story like chile and they don't say anything to me well
how are you going to see that I
say that they are that they are that they are
pissed off I mean I go for example what
also happened is that in the
main town there is
like an orchard no that there is a lot a
lot of wheat they are supposed to be like waiting for
the debate from the other day effectively
that that town should be protected
why because it doesn't make sense that you
start the game and they give you 800 wheat
and then you already have enough to eat for
the whole series Well it turns out that it wasn't
protected and Vegeta got angry about
that too because that area was
supposed to be protected
that if there are errors and you that I
hired you probably paying you A lot of
money okay And if you  you have those
errors but you're working on this
Well, these are things that have errors
but the fact that you're failing me and then you
're working on something else is also
really pissing me off,
man, it's clear that I'm for setting up a
server So be it, eh, I
charge 5,000, 6,000 euros and these people will pay
even better, man No, it's logical that they
pay you that amount of money and you're in
two projects at the same time and apart from
not notifying the parties now what I'm
telling you, neither of the two parties,
the best thing is to the rest of your colleagues on
YouTube, everything you want, but
in the end, you're probably putting
things from my work, which has happened to me,
for example, with miniatures, no,
I have taught them. Hey, look at this, how do you do it like this?
If you put it this way, it's
better for the clip if you put it there and
then he uses those tricks with someone
else and it's like no. I
mean, you can't be working on
Coca-Cola and pass the formula by weight, I
mean, here it is, here, understand, and then there's going to
be a problem with Everton.
People might think that's not the case
because these people are a little more
Pacific,
more about knowing what I'm telling you, like they're
trying not to screw things up, not to have a
problem And such But come on, I'm telling you that
Willy had to be seen and
heard, he wasn't even that angry,
and Vegeta too, I think that for
the next series Veros won't be
in Vegeta and Willito's group at least.
The thing is that there might have been mistakes.
Likewise, but you're
left with the problem of having made them
because these are two projects
Obviously, you're working in
the morning at Bershka, okay, you put in six or
seven hours working at Bershka and in
the afternoon you go to work at a bar because they do
n't get paid enough, okay And now you're
performing less at Bershka in the morning
and you start to take bad care of
people, making mistakes when taking care of them or with the accounts or
whatever, if you
normally make mistakes one day when you're just
working, okay, because people make
mistakes, they're not going to say anything to you Now if they
know that you're working on the other
side, they're going to blame you
for making mistakes because you're taking care of them  a
thousand things at once I mean you can't
have your head in a thousand things, for
example if I want someone to
do things for me I want it with me alone
you can't also be on the
800 channels that do the same thing as me
in this case that we are talking about
not appearing, I mean we are talking about him
charging A lot of money to do what he
does, I mean let's end up with a lot of money He
wants to ramp it up with everything It's not the first
big mistake because there was also a mess a
few months ago with the IPs, I mean look at
you filtering the iPad of auronplay I mean
yes you already say filter the IP of
Javier Ribeira and don't you see what a mess it is
filter the IP of auronplay
the problem The problem here is not
how much he actually charges because these
people the truth is that I don't think that
bothers them either the problem here is that
your work depends on the work of those
people they
are not being able to do it is clear
that they are not being able to do their
work as planned because
another person's work is wrong That is the
dangerous thing, I mean let's go further not
only that is that they have the others
streamers who are respecting him by not
doing live shows And yesterday
so that they have their powerful premiere straight
or people who were invited to the series
that if things drag on maybe they have
other commitments of course
[Applause] there are
many things too They tell me there are
many things that surely the errors
come from working on seven
things at the same time for
sure Come on, I mean if you were
doing karmalan perfectly there was no
problem and you have also done other projects
alone and quietly there was no
problem while there were no other
projects at the same time and now suddenly
doing four
now suddenly doing four series at the
same time the problems start well
you have the answer and now clearly No, of
course, white in a bottle no In fact, not
this part, I don't know, everton, how strange, man It's
not that it doesn't make sense, what it is,
many times
I wouldn't get into the three over there you
were that big, man No, the truth is, no,
in one, yes,
one the first six months of the year and in
another the other six months okay But at the same
time Of course now let's see when
tortilla Land starts, that it's in both series
at the same time, that they want to do the two
event series on the same day, let's see how it works
out  is going to weigh you there there we are going to
have problems and gossip
no because although he has a team he is
the one who really controls you know what I'm
telling you I mean if he is in Karmaland
Karmaland is going to be better tortilla
But anyway life under life look look
also They tell me that he fell
every two by three and that they caught the mod
of today's boss that you saw well he
stole them from somewhere else basically
yes but that or rather practically That is
his job but it is not
Auron himself he told us once for
example the one who makes the oversights the
Saw game is the one who creates the monsters I mean
you tell him to make I don't
know a puppy that dances with Javi's intro
and well he makes it for you But on the other hand
Everton what he does is that they take mods
from I don't know five different pages he
puts it together and gives it to you and they deliver it to you like that Thank you
very much Rey welcome Thank you
for here of course So when
you want a pack of 50 out of 50 mods
downloaded from Mega then you call
Evelyn but when you want to create
content content  look there you have another
example that this is because it is
everywhere at once you cannot be
Because those are things that he knows how to do that he does
not receive this stealing that because it is not
because it is not programmed careful I
know how to do that yes he is not a
programmer or rather he does not know how to
program a plugin on the other side due to
lack of time no no no no because he is a
configurator he does not know how to do it he
takes it from the page along with the Mods it is
complicated to make the mossos
compatible with each other he does do it but
he does not know how to create a mod from scratch you
cannot tell Everton Hey believe me
a pig that smells
and that Lance scratched by the mouth he does not
know how to do that you
know how to do it the one from Sao for example
at the time in the South games
practically 90% of the things of the
tools of everything that came out was
done from scratch of course
totally
have time or rather even if you give him two
years you do not know it
perfectly
because
what he has caught today is basically due to
not configuring the Mods well
and for example the mod of the first boss
has come out wrong or rather the intro of the  series
has gone wrong, I mean there have been some
streamers who have seen
horse armor fly, that is, that has been the
event for some guy who has that
experience, you have had those errors, there
is no other explanation You
find all that, it is so difficult
even to have the things before starting
the series that if he had me an extra day
to do it,
you know that we are not talking about the fact that he
created it, we are talking about the fact that he
took a mod from a page and the only thing he
has to do is make
the muskets compatible with each other. That's it, he does
n't have to do anything else, I mean
Javi, I can, I can take it and right now I'll
put in five hours and I have you looking like
Land 5 in fact
That's how Everton's job
is practically there, that he is earning 20, 25,000
euros a month, easy, easy because every
day between one series and another, I mean, it's
an outrage, we are talking about
people
of the size of the size that we are
talking about, I mean, Claro is earning
crazy amounts
and apart from that, I mean, apart from that, there was an
NPC that they killed and the server grew,
so that was after the boss,
yeah, well, but it's not  just that's that
at the beginning they had to restart the
server because when they broke the grass
Thank you water I mean
that in a series that is this big
man it's a shame it has
had many many
many errors that previously did not
have it
had an error last year but did not have
these huge errors man you know you do not
have it is that it does not make sense mother it does not make
sense or rather start thinking
for example Javi veron's job which
is to grab the Mods and paste them in the
Mods folder see that it works And such
But what is the problem now imagine it
becomes omelet and what
happens veron What are the Mods there Well he says Ah
look we use this in Karmaland
so to save time and to
be more efficient the work we are going
to copy the mod and paste it as is So
in the end what happens well
by having it to the same person whether you
like it or not the series at the level of what
they are playing, it can be
similar Yes of course because they are going to be the
same Mods because whether you like it or not he already
knows those Mods knows that it works and
well that gets them there The example of the
miniatures  is what you square the most
this roller I don't know how to do it man you have to
walk Don't jump this roller
I have to learn it
pathetic man But continue Ivan But continue
with your example
two servers logically if you are
pressed for time
then you are copying he comes
up with an idea and says man well
let's make it so that when you open this
door suddenly a bell rings what he
is inventing because yes nonsense I
don't understand that and now he takes that
same idea and uses it for the
competition also effectively And you
Look if you give importance to the fact that the other
day Vegeta when they were in the live
of the rules
was writing to Willy on
WhatsApp something that was from a mod that they did
n't want to say so that
they wouldn't copy I mean you look at the importance they give to those things because damn You have the same person working for two series simultaneously so logically those things man with that even if he is working in both places he is annoyed for sure 100% fleas about the copying there have been in
both directions because I have
heard them Yes of course man because
Vegeta in that live that did the
rules threw barbs but  you're freaking out eh
Because the other one hasn't told them that he
was working in both places we
found out yesterday that he was
working in both places I mean
imagine you're paying a person
the amount that they're paying him and he does
n't tell you that he's working for
another project that is competition in the
end because yeah [ __ ] in the end they're going to
coincide in schedule in the end
schedules with Vegeta for example
effectively that's like that's like
everything like us
Of course if you publish a news story and if it was
published before whoever saw that
news where Sur no you don't wash for free
it's what I've said many times I mean I
'm the one
who started doing this thing of
gossip of the live shows
releasing them in extract I don't know what I
can't prohibit anyone from doing the
same thing I do you understand
But what I can tell you is that the
people who are with me No it's already the
best that they're going to be also
working in the other places you
understand but there that would be the
joke But because they're in the same
situation as them I mean You don't pay
five euros I mean that's why I understand it
is that if he pays 5 euros  by video and you say
Well you have to make a living The
kid who meditates you know
this about Karmaland I wonder what
happened
here but he wasn't going to make an omelet and
now suddenly yes he would
n't do that live today I can't imagine
how angry he must have been when he saw
all this Karmaland I wonder what
happened behind that about
three months ago auroncía that eh but it wasn't going to
be an omelet and now suddenly yes
Exactly it's that no I think there has
been on top of it a dirty trick is what
I think there has been on top I
mean the other day Vegeta was saying I do
n't know if it was Willy or it was the jetal I
think it was Vegeta that there were
people I think it was Luz who wanted to
be in both series and such and that he had
told him Look at both series no
because otherwise in the end you won't be blue
in either of them and you're going to go
crazy the members are
telling them no and then it turns out that
the creator does it they send something clear clear
Well we're going to leave this
excerpt here and I'm going to cut it on YouTube
family whoever wants to continue watching us
train that Paula has already fallen  No,
no, I didn't come in. Oh, no, it's just that they sent me
something on WhatsApp, damn
damn
what I was telling you, we're
closing on YouTube, we're closing on YouTube,
whoever wants to keep watching us,
come to Twitch, Javier Leveira, we're on
Twitter, okay, training.